Dear Wu Shuyu,

of course I know who you are. Thank you for writing to me with your
point of view. I would like to make some comments:

1) I have in fact submitted several cases to the Honor Council (I think,
four or five) regarding copying of material in the term project reports.
Much of the copying was from previously submitted reports in 2019. One
case concerned only Matlab code, I think, but many others were about
text and structure that was copied. I don’t think that it is useful to
discuss any particular case here.

2) In general, there has to be reasonable communication between students
within a group to ensure that work is done honestly. That means that a
group should not accept it if one member does absolutely nothing for
several weeks and then suddenly presents multiple pages of finished
material very shortly before the due date. It is important to
continually communicate and discuss progress.

Of course, the work will be divided into segments and every student in a
group will work on a part. Nevertheless, while the parts are being
created, students should discuss their progress regularly. With Feishu
and Screen sharing, this is not a technological problem. In the end,
when the various inputs are joined together to create a whole report,
there should be a clear discussion about the work and every student in
the group should already be fairly familiar with what others have been
doing. In fact, for a good report, the style and “look-and-feel”
needs to be unified, so there should in any case be a collaborative
discussion about how to phrase certain parts. If students in a group
fail to do this and decide to work individually, with no
cross-communication, then that is their problem, not mine. They will
have failed in that aspect of group work.

3) Regarding the issue of trust: indeed, students should trust each
other, but they should not be blind. If bad practices lead to a complete
ignorance about what the other students are doing, then that is
negligence, not trust. On the other hand, I do recognize that certain
things simply can not be reasonably detected. If a student says that
they will write some data analysis code within a few days, and then they
come back with some code that they claim is their own, but which in fact
is taken from another source, then yes, I agree, it is not reasonably
possible for other team members to detect this. In such cases of
documented deception, the Honor Council might well come to the
conclusion that the other team members are innocent.

I can not control which conclusion students will reach in the various
cases. If they conclude that they can no longer trust other team members
ever and that they will always do all work by themselves, that is not
the intended effect. They should rather conclude that they can not
expect that other team members suddenly produce completely finished work
and simply paste it into the project, but that they need to pay
attention to the process of the work. They should not just let others
work alone and silently, but actively collaborate and make suggestions
even to other students’ parts.

Perhaps you again think that this will not happen in practice, because
students are su busy with other projects; I can only retort that it does
happen, since I have seen some quite excellent projects were it is
evident that students worked together very well and put a lot of thought
and effort into their reports. The simple fact is that a term project
requires work and that there is a reason why students have several weeks
to complete it. If some groups start late and simply try to get it done
with little effort, then that is their own decision.

To summarize: in cases of truly malicious behavior, indeed, it is fine
for other group members to be found innocent. An example would be a
situation where a relatively small contribution, that doesn’t require
continuous interaction with others and that is so specialized that
usually only a single person will do it and the others can not
reasonably make suggestions on it, is then copied with the individual
clearly lying to the other team members when they ask whether the
individual performed the work themselves. A short piece of code is the
main example I can think of. Even graphics would not fall into this
category, since others might well make suggestions regarding size,
range, color, etc. and these, too, would be collaborative work. Whole
text sections (e.g., the Conclusion or introduction parts) should have
input from all team members and a wholesale cut-and-paste of such
sections is simply unacceptable.

I hope I have made my point of view clear. As a final comment: Guilt or
Innocence is determined by the Honor Council based on the Honor Code,
the Syllabus and the facts of the case. I will copy the HC on this
reply, since the instructor’s opinions may be helpful, although of
course they are just a viewpoint, not a definitive edict.

The sanctions are not determined by me. The FCD makes the decisions on
the sanctions. While I am the Chair of the FCD, in cases involving my
own courses, I am of course recused so that the other members will
decide which sanctions to impose. So, after I have submitted the cases,
it is no longer up to me what happens. That is a good thing, since
perhaps everything I wrote is wrong and I am blinded by my personal
involvement in this case.

The JI system of having independent groups make such decisions protects
students and lets instructors sleep well, knowing that they are not
making incorrect or overblown, subjective decisions.

Best wishes,

Horst



On 8 May 2022, at 8:00, 吴书瑜 wrote:

> Dear prof.Hohberger,
>
> Hello, I'm Shuyu Wu, the previous VE401 SP2022 student. I'm also your
> TA in VE401 this summer semester as well as an honor council member. I
> heard about the honor code violation regarding a project group last
> week, and I want to share some of my personal opinions about this case
> and I sincerely hope you can take my ideas into account.
>
> As far as I know from the honor council as well as from other
> students, a student W copied some conclusions from GitHub, which led
> to honor code violation of the whole group. As you have stated in the
> project pdf, "Every group member has a duty to confirm the origin of
> any part of the text", so they're all reported to the honor council.
> While there's no doubt that student W is guilty, I still have a
> different view about whether the other group members are guilty.
>
> Firstly, the other students do not have the ability to confirm whether
> the plagiarized part is written by student W himself. The part is
> copied from GitHub, which will not be available through a search
> engine. The only way to find out the part is not original work is to
> search GitHub for every past project and compare them one by one,
> which is infeasible and I believe no one has done that. You may think
> they should communicate more closely, but generally speaking, group
> members have online meetings to discuss the general idea of every part
> of the project, but eventually, one student writes one part. The covid
> pandemic and lockdown on campus made it impossible to discuss offline
> and finish the project together.
>
> Secondly, from the Preamble part of the JI Honor Code, we can see that
> Honor Code is based on the tenets that members of JI possess personal
> integrity as students and as professionals, and trust each other to
> uphold the principles of the Honor Code. Even though you can think
> that the group's maybe "weak" communication leads to the bad result,
> there are no signals that other members in that group do something
> dishonesty. By contrast, if they're found guilty by the honor council
> in the end, they will not trust others in their future group works.
> They may want to do everything by themselves and don't trust others'
> work, which is exactly opposite to the purpose of the honor code.
>
> Thirdly, as far as I know, at least for JI sophomore students, we are
> fully exhausted in the period when we do projects. Many students need
> to prepare for final exams for 2-3 engineering courses or essays for
> intellectual breadth courses and cooperate with the government's
> strict epidemic prevention regulations. Nobody has spare energy to
> think whether some "normal" actions(like one student writing one part)
> will finally be related to an honor code violation. Believe me, if I'm
> assigned to that group, I won't find the honor code violation in the
> project either.
>
> So, in conclusion, while the student W violates the honor code
> undoubtfully, I still hope you can give the other members in that
> group another chance. Some students in that group have 3+2(GDP) plan,
> which will be seriously influenced. One student has had an honor code
> violation before, and if he's found guilty he may get 12 extra credits
> toward graduation. This consequence greatly exceeds their mistakes.
> So, if possible, I sincerely hope you can make another decision on
> whether the other group members are guilty, or give them fewer
> sanctions if they're finally made guilty by the honor council.
> Personally speaking, I still think a deduction in the project score is
> enough, but of course, it is you who can make the final decision.
>
> I'd appreciate it very much if you could take my humble views into
> consideration.
>
> Hope for your reply, thank you!
>
> Sincerely yours,
> Shuyu Wu

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dr. Horst Hohberger

Director for International Partnerships
Teaching Professor for Mathematics

University of Michigan - Shanghai Jiao Tong University Joint Institute
上海交通大学密西根学院

Phone: +86 134 828 97 417
Web: http://umji.sjtu.edu.cn/~horst/

Shanghai Jiao Tong University (Minhang Campus)
Room 441c, Longbin Building
800 Dongchuan Road
200240 Shanghai
P. R. China

闵行区东川路800号上海交通大学密西根学院（龙宾楼）441c室